only in Texas I went to one of my
favorite shopping malls today the
wrecking yard and they just got in this
1957 Chevy Belair 4-door hardtop it came
in from a police auction and the
paperwork on it is for dismantle only so
it has to be parted out it's a fairly
solid car it's a very solid car
it was radically customized back in the
70s probably side pipes and all it's got
a little bit of rust in the trunk that's
typical on these things it's all
complete it even has a nice interior to
boot the bel-air dash is all there in
real nice shape it's got a three-speed
standard shift
starring shame to see them wind up like
this
somebody's already bought the grill bar
out of it it's all complete under the
hood Motors all they're covered in
cobwebs if you can see them spiderwebs
can you imagine a complete 1957 Chevy
Belair
coming into a wrecking yard in October
of 2009 it's crazy but I've seen this
stuff before I used to get holes every
now and then when I ran the dinosaur
around town and bought junk cars but
never anything like this this one's here
thanks to a police auction
this is the people this is the wrecking
yard I'm at I don't know if then show up
but that is their phone number it's a
and bees auto parts here in Kennedale
Texas if you see anything on it that you
won't give them a call we've got a lot
of neat stuff in here they're about to
close up so I'll quickly make a film to
some of this stuff they recently sold
this frame out of a 64 Chevrolet Impala
this is the one that I got my front
brake parts off of they got a few more
of them out here I get quite a lot of
neat stuff in this wrecking yard the
buyer has an eye for desirable cars
classic cars when's the last time you
walk through a wrecking yard and saw a
64 Impala front clip just sitting there
they probably bent it up taking it off
just no car there's a 1980 Camaro t-top
car factory t-tops rust free most this
Texas stuff is rust free
let's see
there's a 63 Impala in here I'm trying
to get to that I keep forgetting where
it's out there's a 1970 Chevrolet Impala
must have recently came in I have a
friend build one of those looking for
parts Chevy - nova four-door but
basically rust free here's the 63 Impala
that came in not too long ago came in
with a lot of the parts was complete car
about four months ago has a a/c
compressor still on it
alternator bracket still on it I just
bought the splitter cluster out of it
today
that's what brought me to the wrecking
yard even has a red interior like mine
I got those eyebrows off of the from
around the taillights
they write no parts on a lot of these
cars that's just because they want you
to go up and ask them before you take
the parts off then every now and then
you'll find a car they absolutely do not
want to sell parts off
55 Chevy truck that came in here
complete Monte Carlo SS Chevy trucks
another Nova another Monte Carlo SS
the 68 Chevrolet this is the 64
Chevrolet that lost its frame it is
solid as a rock the floors are just as
solid as they can be 66 Chevy Caprice
not a Caprice is just an Impala
here's another monte carlo SS all
chopped up
a 66 Chevelle
- to our top the remains of that some
pretty neat stuff in here it's a good
yard